OLD BROWN JAVA
FROM 5.85
Old Brown Java coffee (also called Old Government Java) comes from the Island of Java in Indonesia. This is a 'long-aged' coffee, where the coffee beans are allowed to naturally age in warehouses for at least 2 years. Old Brown Java is one of the most famous and sought after of the 'aged' coffees.
The flavour of these arabica coffee beans is truly unique, and similar only to our Monsoon Malabar in spiciness. The musky complex aromas are matched by the rustic earthy flavour notes. The long finish and big body makes this coffee especially impressive.

SUMATRA MANDHELING
FROM 5.75
Mandheling is the area of Sumatra where all premium arabica coffee beans are grown. Sumatra itself is one of Indonesias largest islands. Coffee trees were brought to the island in the early 19th century in an attempt to break the near monopoly on coffee beans from other parts of the world.
Our Sumatra Mandheling arabica coffee beans are full bodied, deep and rich . This coffee has a complex and condensed flavour, which is admired by enthusiasts and connoisseurs alike.

COSTA RICA TARRAZU VALLEY
FROM 5.75
Costa Rica has tough regulations expressly forbidding the growth of low quality coffee varieties. The quality of the best of these coffee beans can be quite amazing. The country also has the 'Specialty Coffee Association of Costa Rica', which is a collective of the best producers of Costa Rican coffee who control the export of the very best coffees available.
Tarrazu Valley arabica coffee beans are quite distinctive with a light hint of vanilla in the aroma. The flavour is full of caramel, fruit and brazil nuts - with a full body, great acidity, and a clean finish. This is a well balanced coffee.

ETHIOPIAN YIRGACHEFFE
FROM £6.60
Yirgacheffe is a Mocha coffee bean, and is grown in a particularly favourable sub region of Sidamo in Southern Ethiopia.
This Yirgacheffe (Yirg) is a hand-picked top quality washed coffee, grown as 'Garden Coffee' by local smallholders.
This premium gourmet coffee bean is a truly hand grown, picked, washed and dried product which allows small Ethiopian farmers to live and work with dignity.
Our premium Yirg coffee bean is fantastically smooth, with light floral and berry notes at the outset, followed by a deep treacle and chocolaty body and finish. Fantastic coffee beans !

GUATEMALA EL FOGON
FROM 5.75
Coffee arrived in Guatemala from the Caribbean around 1700 and local cultivation began shortly after. Commercial export of Guatemalan Coffee Beans did not begin until the mid 1800’s.
The high mountains shrouded in mist on the volcanic slopes of southern Guatemala produces one of the most distinctive and desirable coffees. With its surprisingly deep, rich body and muted overtones, our premium grade Guatemalan 'El Fogon' arabica coffee has a rich body, with spice and chocolate flavour hints and a clean finish.

COLOMBIAN BUCARAMANGA
FROM £5.95
Colombia has been producing great coffee beans since the early part of the 19th century. During the last century, coffee has become Colombia's main export. The main coffee growing regions in Colombia are: Antioquia, Risaralda, Norte de Santander, Tolima, Valle del Cauca, Quindío, Caldas and Bucaramanga (where CoffeeBeanShop.co.uk's Colombian Coffee originates).
One of the most distinctive attributes of a good Colombian coffee bean is it's body. It is rich and delicious, with a pleasant aftertaste that lingers. The flavour of our Bucaramanga arabica coffee is both full and complex, but with good balance.

RWANDAN FULLY WASHED - AA - "INZOVU"
FROM 6.55
Rwandan Fully Washed - AA - "Inzovu" - new crop
From the far south-west of Rwanda – a region called Nyakabuye – this coffee is from a small cooperative of only 30 farmers, each with anywhere between a few hundred and a few thousand trees.
This offered lot comes from a Rwandan exporter whom recently participated in the "Cup of Excellence" taking 4 of the top 10 positions including numbers 1 and 2! This coffee was picked from those very same estates.
Sweet and clean, with a bright acidity and some floral notes.  I just adore Rwandan coffee anytime of the year, but this new crop is arguably from one of the best coffee estates worldwide. Grown at 1600-1700m above sea level, it's a great Arabica coffee which is processed at the cooperative’s own wet-mill, which they built in 2008 to ensure that they could oversee every stage of growing and processing the beans.

PERUVIAN TUNKI
FROM 6.30
Tunki Coffee is here in the U.K! This flagship Coffee has been blazing trails worldwide. This exceptional coffee is sustainably shade-grown at an altitude of 1600-1800m ensuring it’s unmistakable high acidity and clean crisp taste.
The name Tunki comes from the locally found wild bird (also known as ‘cock of the rocks’) and is traditionally farmed by hand and produced without the use of nasty pesticides or chemicals. Situated high in the mountains amongst the most beautiful flora and fauna of the Tambopata Valley, the coffee beans are firstly fed and washed by pure spring waters and then harvested by the local indigenous Quechua and '​Aymara' speaking families. These proud families have worked the area for generations in harmony with the land. At the beginning of each season all farmers make an annual ceremony to the earth  'Pachamama'  to ask for blessings for the coming season.

MONSOONED MALABAR AA
FROM 6.25
Cup profile: Light to medium light Sweet and Fairly soft
During the months of June to September, India sees the monsoon season sweep through its western coastal belt.  These tropical rains sweep up from the oceans around India across the south west of the country. Once they reach the port of Malabar, the fun really begins. After the coffee beans have been sorted for size, they are laid out on concrete patios in open-sided warehouses where they are exposed to the tropical rains. They are then painstakingly raked, turned and spread for 12-16 weeks whist being closely monitored for size, colour and quality. Once they have adopted their signature pale gold colour, they are prepared for export.
When the beans arrive in the UK, we slow roast them meticulously in small batches until we reach the optimum roasted colours which makes the coffee appealing both to the palate and the eye.
